README.md, before:

# Riddle Me Batman
![Riddle Me Batman]()

# Goal for this Project
The goal of this project is to solve the riddles set forth by The Riddler. These riddles will be associated with other superheroes/villains from the DC Universe. The player will get to choose letters from the whole english alphabet in order to spell out the hero/villain that he/she thinks The Riddler is referring to. (You) the user are Batman and your job is to save Robin who is currently kidnapped. The player will have 6 chances at spelling out these names otherwise The Riddler will hang Robin.

# Table of Contents
* [UX](#ux "UX")

## User Goals
* Read rules
* Type in a user name
* View High Scores
* Exit the Game

## User Stories
* As a user, I want to be able create a user name 
* As a user, I want to read the rules
* As a user, I want to skip through game instructions if required
* As a user, I want to know the outcome of the game

## User Requirements and Expectations

### Requirements
* Single page layout
* Feedback on performance
* Clear instruction as to when the game starts and finishes
* Validation of user inputs
* Feedback to the user on their input to the game

### Expectations
* I expect to know that it is my game based on a username
* I expect to know when the game starts and finishes
* I expect to have the option of reading the rules or not
* I expect not to be able to make any typing errors
* I expect feedback on performance

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## How to Play

* Will play like the standard paper and pencil game of hangman
    * 1 Player Game
    * Words will be randomized
    * Lives will be deducted for incorrect guesses
* User will be given a riddle to solve the word
    * The player creates a username
    * Words care completely randomized
    * The user decides what letters they choose
* Player will be given 6 chances to figure out the word
* If player can't figure out the word they lose the game
* If player figures out the word the move on to the next word

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## Design Choices
### Fonts

The terminal that was provided by Code Institute to complete this project, used a standard monospace font. Which is the font I decided to keep using. 

### Colours

The colour scheme I have chosen is based on what The Riddler uses as his colors in the comics [Riddler Costume](https://www.gamelivestory.com/images/article/batman-8-times-riddler-acted-like-a-hero-in-the-comics-main.webp "Riddler Custome Colors"). Which was a bright [lime green](wireframes/images/color_contrast_green.png) and [electric purple](wireframes/images/color_contrast_purple.png).

Commit message:

Complete color section in README.md file

README.md, after:

# Riddle Me Batman
![Riddle Me Batman]()

# Goal for this Project
The goal of this project is to solve the riddles set forth by The Riddler. These riddles will be associated with other superheroes/villains from the DC Universe. The player will get to choose letters from the whole english alphabet in order to spell out the hero/villain that he/she thinks The Riddler is referring to. (You) the user are Batman and your job is to save Robin who is currently kidnapped. The player will have 6 chances at spelling out these names otherwise The Riddler will hang Robin.

# Table of Contents
* [UX](#ux "UX")

## User Goals
* Read rules
* Type in a user name
* View High Scores
* Exit the Game

## User Stories
* As a user, I want to be able create a user name 
* As a user, I want to read the rules
* As a user, I want to skip through game instructions if required
* As a user, I want to know the outcome of the game

## User Requirements and Expectations

### Requirements
* Single page layout
* Feedback on performance
* Clear instruction as to when the game starts and finishes
* Validation of user inputs
* Feedback to the user on their input to the game

### Expectations
* I expect to know that it is my game based on a username
* I expect to know when the game starts and finishes
* I expect to have the option of reading the rules or not
* I expect not to be able to make any typing errors
* I expect feedback on performance

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## How to Play

* Will play like the standard paper and pencil game of hangman
    * 1 Player Game
    * Words will be randomized
    * Lives will be deducted for incorrect guesses
* User will be given a riddle to solve the word
    * The player creates a username
    * Words care completely randomized
    * The user decides what letters they choose
* Player will be given 6 chances to figure out the word
* If player can't figure out the word they lose the game
* If player figures out the word the move on to the next word

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## Design Choices
### Fonts

The terminal that was provided by Code Institute to complete this project, used a standard monospace font. Which is the font I decided to keep using. 

### Colours

The colour scheme I have chosen is based on what The Riddler uses as his colors in the comics [Riddler Costume](https://www.gamelivestory.com/images/article/batman-8-times-riddler-acted-like-a-hero-in-the-comics-main.webp "Riddler Custome Colors"). Which was a bright [lime green](wireframes/images/color_contrast_green.png) and [electric purple](wireframes/images/color_contrast_purple.png). I used [Coolors](https://coolors.co/ "Coolors") to create the colors myself instead of generating them randomly since I already knew what I wanted. [contrast checker](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/ "contract checker") was used to contrast the colors as my background choice with a black foreground text. Only the electric purple didn't pass in one catergory. Regardless I won't have text over these colors since they will only be the background colors and not run in the termimal.

[Color Scheme](wireframes/images/coolors_scheme.png)
